My unfiltered thoughts during the implementation

After looking through the assessment questions, the first question seems very familiar to what I've done before which is Agentic RAG. This is seen in my other project Monopoly Agentic RAG. So I decided to do this while also following a similar structure and tech stack. I also further looked into Agentic RAG to see what and how others do it. From what I see online, the hard part of agentic rag is similar to traditional rag which is the ingestion/data part. So I have to pay close attention to how I do the ingestion. Apart from that, I also looked into how they usually do the "agent" part of the system and there are some "nodes" such as routing, query rewriting, hallucination check, grader and etc that could be used later on.

In that project, I used local models such as Llama3.1 and nomic-embed-text through Ollama so I think I'll do that for this test as well since I currently don't possess any API for other LLM providers and they have request limit which is kinda annoying. Although, there is a concern for this as it's not as strong of a model and in the bonus points it mentioned optimized retrieval in terms of accuracy and performance. I am assuming performance would be something like relevancy and faithfulness? It also mentioned test cases, so we would have to read through the documents and formulate test cases to test in the future. So I'm thinking of RAGAS but I also see that in faq.yml, they actually provided some questions and answers for certain topics so maybe we can do that but answer should be based on the actual documents though and idk if the answers in the yml file is from the document. Apart from that, when I saw that there were images in the media directory, we would have to use OCR but from what I see in the images, I think a summary would be better because the images seems to be giving context and not facts. I also see there are images in the markdown files themselves but they also have their own summary of it so I guess we can trust Microsoft's summary?

What type of domain should I do? I was thinking of just continuing the Monopoly RAG, but I can showcase both anyways if I do another one. So I decided to do one for Microsoft Azure because when I was doing it for my hackathon, it was pain in the ass to do it and the documentation was kinda bad. So maybe having a tool for me to directly search through their documentation would be kinda nice. 

I was searching through the what available documents I could use for Microsoft Azure and there was a lot on their GitHub. So I decided to narrow down a bit for my scope to focus only on AI agents part of their documentation. 

First concern I had was that there was "hyperlinks" in the markdown files but after looking at the markdown file itself instead of the render, I don't think it would be a concern. 

The second concern I had was that markdown file was already known to be easy to be understood for LLMs, and it might not look too good for the interviewer and I considered switching domain for PDF documents instead. But again, I have Monopoly RAG for to talk about PDF if necessary and I also think that they want to focus on the Agentic RAG part.

Decided to go with Gemma4:E4B because it is newer and has better performance than Llama3.1. Moreover, I can summarize images using Gemma4:E4B and I don't need an extra model to do vision stuff. I need to keep the path of the image as metadata though.

The whole generation seems to be really slow. The initial approach was to startup the model and grade the document one by one, the "startup" time takes too long so we could probably do it in batches similar to what we've done in the older project. I also decided to keep it alive through a parameter.

Evaluation is a bit tricky because we're using the same model to grade itself which might have bias? but we don't have more VRAM for other models though.

Probably need to add a max retry for checking hallucination node because I had that problem before where it just looping. I am also having trouble with routing node, it determines it is out of scope even though it is. Maybe the question doesn't clearly specify it but I think maybe can fix this by changing the prompt from "ONLY" to something else slightly more ambiguous? So if it's really clearly not relevant then we only determine it's out of scope. I'm debating whether or not if I should put grader node before or after windowing because if i put it after, it could potentially remove noisy neighbouring chunks but i'm feeding a lot of input. i could also do retrieve neighbouring chunks on the top chunks only after reranking. Now that I think about it, grade node is pretty much like reranking no? we can just remove reranking.

The FAQ from overview doesn't seem to be that accurate, might be better to create the dataset ourselves, maybe 5 should do I think. Maybe we just rewrite query at the start? To keep it simpler, my final graph won't have rewrite query, instead it would look something like: Route > Retrieval > Retrieve Window > Grade > Generate > Check Hallucination. If its out of scope, then it routes to end, grade can filter out noisy chunks, if no relevant chunks are found then we rewrite the query.

In the end, I decided use my own questions that is derived from the documents in order to ensure the ground truth is available for the RAG. Moreover, I decided to formulate the question in a more "human" manner compared to very formal questions such as imprecise language, loose grammar, and conversational-like to try and emulate the strength of agentic RAG. However, I still have a more formal evaluation set labelled as "eval_dataset_v3.json". As mentioned before, I used RAGAS to test certain metrics that regards to "optimized retrieval" such as faithfulness ,relevancy, context precision and recall.